--- TRANG 1 ---
CSC17001 | Intelligent Data Analytics
Lab Description
Lab Description
Exploring Mental Health Data
1
Introduction
This project is inspired by the Kaggle competition Exploring Mental Health Data (Kaggle Link).
The main objective of the competition is to use data from a mental health survey to explore factors
that may cause individuals to experience depression. Participants are required to build models
that predict whether a person suffers from depression based on the provided features.
In this assignment, let’s download the provided dataset, explore the mental health survey data,
and then develop a machine learning model to predict the target variable Depression.
2
Submission
Your report and source code must be submitted in a compressed ZIP file (.zip extension) named
according to the format TeamName.zip.
If the compressed file is larger than 20MB, you may upload it to Google Drive and submit a
text file with the public shared link (absolutely no modifications are allowed after the deadline).
2.1
Source Code (Jupyter Notebook(s))
Source code and results should be reported in Jupyter Notebooks with the following requirements:
• Provide detailed explanations for each step with illustrative images, diagrams, and equations.
• Fully comment every processing step, and print intermediate results for observation.
• Ensure the notebooks are well-formatted.
• Before submitting, re-run the notebook (Kernel →Restart & Run All).
Faculty of Information Technology, University of Science, VNU-HCM
Page 1


--- TRANG 2 ---
CSC17001 | Intelligent Data Analytics
Lab Description
2.2
Report
Prepare a detailed report that includes:
• Project Planning and Task Distribution: Document the team member responsibilities,
which includes information on each task assigned to team members and the completion rate.
E.g., Student A has percentage of completion 90% and the group work has total score of 9.0,
then A receives a score of 9.0 * 90% = 8.1.
Therefore, it is important to evaluate the contribution of group members fairly.
• Project Overview: Briefly introduce the project.
• Data Exploration: Describe the data understanding, key observations, and insights.
• Data Preprocessing: Data cleaning, transformation, handling of missing or noisy data.
• Feature Engineering: Present how the features were created or selected to improve the
model performance.
• Model Development: Summarize the models used, including parameters, architectures,
or libraries applied. Multiple models can be used.
• Experiments and Results: Report training and testing results, compare models, and
provide analysis or interpretation.
• Conclusion and Future Work: Summarize the main findings and propose directions for
the future improvement.
• Ensure the report is well-formatted and exported to PDF.
• Include any references in a properly formatted bibliography section.
2.3
Presentation Video
Upload a video to YouTube and provide the public link in the report:
• Create a presentation video on your group’s methodology, and including a demonstration.
All members must participate in the presentation. You may use either English or Vietnamese.
• There is no duration limit. All presentation format is allowed (professional editing style, or
record the Google Meet, etc.), but the use of AI-generated voices is strictly prohibited.
Faculty of Information Technology, University of Science, VNU-HCM
Page 2


--- TRANG 3 ---
CSC17001 | Intelligent Data Analytics
Lab Description
3
Assessment
No.
Details
Score
1
Source code
4 points
2
Report
3 points
3
Video
3 points
Total
10 points
4
Notices
Please pay attention to the following notices:
• This is a GROUP assignment. Each group has 4 - 6 members.
Groups with fewer or more members than the specified limit require lab instructor approval.
• Duration: approximately 3 weeks.
• AI tools are not restricted; however, students should use them wisely. Lab instructors have
the right to conduct additional oral interviews with random groups to assess their knowledge
of the project.
• Any form of plagiarism, dishonesty, or misconduct will result in a grade of zero for the course.
The end.
Faculty of Information Technology, University of Science, VNU-HCM
Page 3


